---
layout: post
title:  "Your Nerd Fell Out"
date:   2017-08-22 05:34:58 +0000
---


Ever since high school I was into the whole "computer thing". I lived in a small country town, surrounded by hay fields, corn fields, and cow partures. I went a 2A high school, where I had a graduating class of a whoping 73 people. I say all this to say that being into the whole "comptuer thing" was not common in my area. **Most of us didnt even have wifi!** It was dark times my friends, dark times. Back to the story though! In high school I took 1 year of graphic design, which was a new class the year I took it. The teacher had never taught the class and had no idea how to use Adobe Illustrator (which was what the book went through). I ended up learning how to do a chapter, teaching the teacher and then she would teach the class. It sounds like I am rambling I know, but there is a point. This very first computer class I took in high school was my introduction into teaching myself which is how I have ended up where I am today. After that first year I took 2 years of computer science. I was fortunate enough to have a teacher named Mrs. Hlavaty who was an amazing teacher! She taught me the best foundation I could have asked for. Now this class was a class of 4 people, but 4 people nonetheless. We were taught Java, because that is what the UIL (University Interscholastic League) test for computer science was written in. I ended up making it to the state competition my senior year! After high school I went on and did 1 year at community college with the intention of getting a computer science degree. I ended stopping school to follow a year long surge of "great ideas" and new ideas for a future. After that reality kicked in I went back to school for a semester at the Art Institute for Graphic and Web Design. That was awesome, but insanly expensive and I quit yet again. Life got crazy and a little depressing for a while and I flailed a bit, until finally **I decided I was going to lose my mind if I didnt just do something with my life!** So just for the urge to do something I started taking free classes online through bento.io I did there Intro to front end design course. I learn some HTML, CSS, a little bit of JavaScript. It was all really interesting and I really enjoyed doing it. I wanted more and all the free course I was finding only went so deep. I wanted to go deeper. So I started looking into tech schools and bootcamps, thanks to facebook ads. After a lot of research and digging I started the Online Bootcamp her at Flatiron school and I loved it! I was in the living room of my apartment with a friend one day and I was going on and on about all this coding stuff. Finally my friend interjected and was like "Hey, you need to pick that up!" I was so confused and you could see that confusion on my face. She then followed with "Your nerd fell out". I know its lame and not nearly as funny to you guys as it was to me in that moment, but it was silly enough the moment I decided this was what I wanted to do! I was going to pursue this "computer thing" and kick butt at it. I was passionate about it! I wanted to be apart of that world. Creating things and constantly learning things! So I did it and here I am annoying each and every one of you. Im done I promise. Learn. Love. Code. Out.
